Update external-login-providers.md (#6928)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/external-login-providers.md

* **Application (client) ID** - found on the **Overview** page for the app.
* **Authority URL** - available from **Endpoints** on the **Overview** page.
* **Secret ID** - needs to be generated on the **Certificates & Secrets** page.

{% hint style="info" %}

> If youre working with an enterprise/custom setup. Ensure that the email claim is included in the token configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're working with an enterprise or a custom setup, ensure the email claim is included in the token configuration.
```
